# Read43 Summary

Github is the most fundamental programming that is used in the modern web design & programming. It was built to replace the HTML, CSS & Javascript to allow the user to build & design his own website by using & mastering the markdown language. Github provides the network hosting for software development which has many advantages of many systems & it also includes the ability to implement software programming languages such as HTML, CSS, C, C#, Java, Python, Javascript, PHP & many other programming languages.

Github is an open source control system which offers a cloud based repository hosting service which allows the user to build & design his own website with any kind of programming language. There's also availablility for users to create repositories & projects which allows them to get available jobs if they are using it every day.

The markdown language is used to replace the HTML, CSS & Javascript which is easy to use & style the forms of writing on the Github system. This method works for implementing lists, images, links, emphasis, etc... The markdown language allows the user to easily read & write the codes into a valid HTML code. Markdown is available not only on Github, but also available in many programming tools such as Adobe Dreamweaver, Microsoft Visual Studio, Netbeans & so on. This language is simple, straightforward & fun to work with which gives the user specific features which improves the user's productivity.

It can be hard to imagine that many of the applications and programs we use today are built by hundreds of thousands, even millions, of people all over the world. Open-source software (OSS) is a rapidly growing industry that provides many benefits to the individuals and businesses who use it, as well as to its programmers.

For many outside of the IT world, the concept of contributing to open-source software seems like a remarkable psychological phenomenon, as many of the contributors do it by their own free will and are quite often unpaid for it. The thought of contributing to something that requires a good amount of time without getting a dime for their work can be hard to fully understand.

However, for developers especially, contributing to open-source software provides many valuable advantages and opens doors to a number of highly lucrative and rewarding opportunities, and there are not too many other industries that can boast the massive number of global contributions like the open-source community can.